Great! The app should now be accessible from your phone at:

http://192.168.0.29:5173
The firewall rules you added (New-NetFirewallRule) are persistent — they'll survive reboots. If you ever want to remove them, run in PowerShell (Admin):

powershell
Remove-NetFirewallRule -DisplayName "Manjador Frontend"
Remove-NetFirewallRule -DisplayName "Manjador Backend"


And to remove the port forwarding rules:

powershell
netsh interface portproxy delete v4tov4 listenport=5173 listenaddress=0.0.0.0
netsh interface portproxy delete v4tov4 listenport=8000 listenaddress=0.0.0.0
But for now, you're all set — just make sure both the backend and frontend are running before accessing from your phone.





Here's the description of a new feature:
A new page called "My Foods". The user can add foods from the database to their My Foods. My Foods becomes the source of foods to add when entering the daily log or creating meals. On top of that, the user can assign each entry to one or more meal categories (breakfast, lunch, dinner, snack). The user should also be able to add a list of pairings for that food. For instance, the user adds "granola" and "yogurt" to the food database, each with its nutrition facts. Then, he adds them to his "My Foods" and marks them as "pairing" of one another. This will allow a future recommendation meal feature to pair foods together. Don't implement the recommendation feature yet, I'll give you more details later. For now let's focus on the "My Foods" page and the features I described.




Let's plan changes to the meal planner, since it doesn't work as I need it.
We should be able to create three types of meals (sub-pages of the Meal Planner):
1) Meal: it belongs to one or more meal categories (breakfast, lunch, dinner, snack), and has a certain amount of calories as a goal. Identified by a name, the user can add to it one or more foods from My Foods/the whole food database (same tab approach as in the daily log) that approximate the calorie goal. The user can create their own meal or they can use a recommendation button to ask Gemini to do it for them. Gemini will receive a prompt asking for 3 recommended meals of that specific type, given the entries in My Foods associated to that meal type and the amount of calories for that meal, set by the user. Once the recommendations are made, the user should be able to edit it, change serving sizes, add/delete foods, and finally save or discard the recommendations.
2) Daily Menu: The user first picks any number of meal categories, for instance: breakfast, lunch, dinner and 2 snacks. Then, the user can assign a certain percentage of the total calories goal to each meal category, which should add up to 100% for that user. Then, each of the meals can be filled with one or more foods from My Foods/the whole food database (same tab approach as in the daily log) of the corresponding meal category or by selecting a pre-defined Meal (described in number 1). If the user adds food directly, at the time of saving this "daily menu", the system should ask them if they want to save the meal that was created as a new Meal. Each Daily Menu should also be associated to a name. Similarly to the Meal, Daily Menu should also have a recommendation button that uses the number and types of meals selected by the user to generate a recommendation. In this case, Gemini will receive a prompt asking for recommended daily menus based on the number and types of meals selected, the entries in My Foods associated to the meal categories, and the amount of calories set for each meal category by the user. Once the recommendations are generated, the user should be able to edit it, change serving sizes, add/delete foods, and finally save or discard the recommendations.

In both 1 and 2 recommendations, allow Gemini to scale foods (Meal) or Meal (Daily Menu). For instance, if a breakfast requires 400 calories, and a serving of yogurt is 100 calories, Gemini can recommend 4 servings of yogurt to reach the goal.
Make sure to save the prompts for Meals and Daily Menus in the prompts folder (backend/app/services/prompts/)

3) Weekly Menu:
Weekly Menus aren't saved like Meals or Daily Menus. They are generated to inspire the user to prepare the food for the week and allow us to not need to decide what to pick. We'll provide the number of days the Weekly Menu should cover and the number of different picks from the Daily Menu (this allows us to limit how many different foods we need to prepare). For instance, I can request 5-days worth of Daily Menus with 2 different types of them. In this case the output would be something like: Daily Menu 1, Daily Menu 1, Daily Menu 2, Daily Menu 2, Daily Menu 2. Weekly Menu doesn't need to use Gemini, it can simply be random picks.



-make the upload photo button take a photo if in a phone
-maybe split Snack meal category into two: Snack and Dessert?